Yannis,

Thanks for your email.

Enron Company Policy prohibits employees from trading any products that the 
company trades.  Besides energy commodities (natgas, crude oil products, 
power), the company also trades interest rates & currencies, pulp & paper, 
weather, plastics, and metals.  I am sure this product base will expand in 
the future.  I am sure this product base will continue to expand.  If you 
have any questions about trading a particular product, please call me at 
x33399 (I am a paralegal in the Legal Dept.), Mark Taylor, VP & General 
Counsel of Trading, at x37459, or Ted Murphy, Control, at x33324.



	Yannis Tzamouranis
	06/22/2000 09:39 AM
		
		 To: Tana Jones/HOU/ECT@ECT
		 cc: Yannis Tzamouranis/HOU/ECT@ECT
		 Subject: Re: Enron North America Corp. NYMEX Hedge Exemption Applications

I was considering opening an account to trade commodities on my own.  What 
are the implications?

Thanks,

Yannis Tzamouranis


   
	Enron North America Corp.
	
	From:  Mark Taylor @ ENRON                           06/21/2000 06:39 PM
	

Sent by: Enron Announcements@ENRON
To: All Enron Houston, Everyone_in_ECT_Calgary, Everyone_in_ECT_London, 
Everyone_in_ECT_Portland, Everyone_in_ECT_New York, Everyone_in_ECT_Denver, 
Everyone_in_ECT_Oslo, Everyone_in_ECT_Singapore, EI-Australia, Buenos Aires 
Argentina - Office Staff, Buenos Aires Argentina - TGS Office Staff, Enron 
Everyone_EOG_Denver, Enron Everyone_EOG_Calgary
cc:  
Subject: Enron North America Corp. NYMEX Hedge Exemption Applications


We are in the process of preparing applications for position limit exemptions 
for ENA,s NYMEX energy commodities futures trading.  These applications 
require that ENA represent whether its officers, employees, owners, or agents 
have a power of attorney, control or have a financial interest in any other 
related commodity future(s) account either individually or acting with 
another person pursuant to express or implied agreement.

Please direct any responses to my paralegal, Tana Jones, via intercompany 
email or call her at (713) 853-3399 by the end of business Friday, June 30, 
2000 if you have any power of attorney, control or have a financial interest 
in any commodity futures account (other than an ENA or other trading 
affiliate account).

IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A COMMODITY FUTURES ACCOUNT, YOU DO NOT NEED TO RESPOND TO 
THIS REQUEST.
