The memo applies to ENA and its other trading affiliates, Enron Canada Corp. 
and Enron Capital & Trade Resources International Corp.).  If you work for 
any of these trading affiliates, this memo would apply to you.  Because of 
the constraints of our company wide broadcast system, they could not limit 
the email in some offices to only those companies, so we had to send it out 
to the whole office.  If you do not work for those companies, this does not 
apply to you.



	Rod Hayslett@ENRON
	06/22/2000 11:39 AM
		 
		 To: Tana Jones/HOU/ECT@ECT
		 cc: 
		 Subject: Re: Enron North America Corp. NYMEX Hedge Exemption Applications

Since I am not an ENA officer, employee, owner, or agent having a power of 
attorney or control, I don't understand why I received this request.


   
	
	
	From:  Mark Taylor                           06/21/2000 06:39 PM
	

Sent by: Enron Announcements
To: All Enron Houston, Everyone_in_ECT_Calgary, Everyone_in_ECT_London, 
Everyone_in_ECT_Portland, Everyone_in_ECT_New York, Everyone_in_ECT_Denver, 
Everyone_in_ECT_Oslo, Everyone_in_ECT_Singapore, EI-Australia, Buenos Aires 
Argentina - Office Staff, Buenos Aires Argentina - TGS Office Staff, Enron 
Everyone_EOG_Denver, Enron Everyone_EOG_Calgary
cc:  

Subject: Enron North America Corp. NYMEX Hedge Exemption Applications


We are in the process of preparing applications for position limit exemptions 
for ENA,s NYMEX energy commodities futures trading.  These applications 
require that ENA represent whether its officers, employees, owners, or agents 
have a power of attorney, control or have a financial interest in any other 
related commodity future(s) account either individually or acting with 
another person pursuant to express or implied agreement.

Please direct any responses to my paralegal, Tana Jones, via intercompany 
email or call her at (713) 853-3399 by the end of business Friday, June 30, 
2000 if you have any power of attorney, control or have a financial interest 
in any commodity futures account (other than an ENA or other trading 
affiliate account).

IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A COMMODITY FUTURES ACCOUNT, YOU DO NOT NEED TO RESPOND TO 
THIS REQUEST.
