Unless the first option expires (and the original premium is expensed), you 
add the original payment to the renewal premium to determine the percentage.  
If we can't beat the percentage game, we can have the land on the balance 
sheet and that won't put the entire project on it.  Don't ask me to splain 
that, because I can't.  If the land is going to be on the balance sheet, you 
would think that it would be better to have $1.3 on than $4.2.  However, one 
thing I don't know (haven't asked) is what the environmental restrictions are 
with our financing vehicle.  I don't know if the land has to be clean before 
it can go into the vehicle.  I can ask.  If it is required to be clean, then 
you may be back to the $4.2 anyway.  

Kay

PS.  Feel like Alice in Wonderland  yet?




From: Greg Krause/ENRON@enronXgate on 05/23/2001 07:14 PM
To: Kay Mann/Corp/Enron@Enron
cc: Kathleen Carnahan/ENRON@enronXgate 

Subject: RE: AEW's backup

Yes we do want to renew the option through September of next year and we will 
need to persuade them to lower the option premium.  Her is a thought:  the 
land fill closure cost is approximately $2.9 million.  Could we create a new 
option agreement that states that the strike price is $4.2 million ($1.3 the 
original strike price plus the cost of land fill closure cost) so we could 
pay an option premium of up to $210,000 (5% of $4.2 million).  At closing, we 
reduce the purchase price by the costs yet to be incurred in the closing the 
land fill.  Since Certosa Holdings will not start the closure until they are 
assured that we will exercise the option if even then, the net cost to us 
would drop back to  the original strike price.  Could we get this past the 
accountants?

Only the memorandum of option was recorded.
