FROM STEVE KEAN:  PLEASE DO NOT COPY OR FOWARD THIS EMAIL

           DRAFT 

To:	Enron Employees Worldwide		
			
From:	Ken Lay and Jeff Skilling		
			
Subject:	Organizational Changes	Date:	February 6, 2001


 Enron is forming a new organization - - the Enron Accelerator - - to drive 
the formation and development of new businesses at Enron.  Enron,s unique 
ability to start and develop new businesses has driven most of our growth 
over the years.  Lou Pai, currently Chairman and CEO of Enron Energy Services 
will lead the Accelerator.  Over his years at Enron, Lou has been key to the 
creation and rapid growth of our wholesale gas, wholesale power and energy 
service businesses.  The existing business units will continue their new 
business development activities, while the Accelerator will be focused on 
identifying new business opportunities which are natural extensions of Enron,
s business model and core skills, but not currently under development within 
Enron.

 Dave Delainey, currently President and CEO of Enron Americas, will become 
Chairman and CEO of Enron Energy Services.  Dave brings a wealth of 
experience and accomplishment from Enron Wholesale Services, businesses where 
he led phenomenal growth in our Canadian business and our North American 
origination activity, and, most recently, had a stellar year in Enron 
Americas.

 Joining Dave in EES will be Janet Dietrich, currently Managing Director in 
Enron Americas.  Janet will assume responsibilities as _____________________ 
of EES.  Janet has led an extremely successful origination team in Enron 
Americas.  Together, Janet and Dave will bring extraordinary commercial 
skills to the already outstanding EES team.

 In connection with these leadership changes at EES, Dan Leff and Marty Sunde 
will assume responsibility as ________________ and ______________ 
respectively at EES.  Together with Tom White, Vice Chairman of EES, Dan and 
Marty have led the development and execution of a highly successful business 
model at EES.  This new leadership structure will enable EES to continue on 
its path of rapid growth and profitability over the coming years.

 John Lavorato will succeed Dave as President and CEO of Enron Americas.  
John has been an essential part of Enron,s energy trading success over the 
years and is a key part of Enron Wholesale Services, continuing success 
story.  Joining John is Louise Kitchen, currently President and CEO of Enron 
Networks.  Louise, who accelerated Enron,s phenomenal growth with the 
deployment of EnronOnline, will take over as Chief Operating Officer of Enron 
Americas.

 Philippe Bibi, currently Chief Operating Officer of Enron Networks will take 
over as President and CEO of Enron Networks.  Under Philippe,s leadership, 
Enron has become a technology powerhouse and the leading e-commerce company.  
Joining Philippe as Chief Operating Officer is Greg Piper, currently Managing 
Director of Enron Networks.  Greg ____________________________

 Please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their 
achievements and their new responsibilities.


 [Policy Committee Changes?]

 [In addition, a number of individuals have elected to leave Enron.  David 
Haug, currently Executive Vice President of Enron and formerly Chairman and 
CEO of Enron CALME, has elected to leave Enron to pursue other 
opportunities.  David initiated and oversaw the successful transition of 
CALME into Enron Wholesale Services while continuing to meet financial 
targets for his organization.  Also leaving Enron are Diomedes Christodoulou, 
Chief Commercial Officer of Enron Broadband Services; James Bannantine, 
formerly CEO of Enron South America; and Sanjay Bhatnagar, CEO of Enron 
Broadband Services for the Middle East and Asia.  Diomedes, Jim and Sanjay 
built and led strong and talented teams at Enron.  We wish all of these 
individuals the very best in their new endeavors.]
