The week of September 11 is not a great week for me.  I am out of the office 
from Tuesday at noon through Friday afternoon, so my Monday and Tuesday 
morning are already booked!  I checked to see if there was anything that I 
could bump off the schedule for Monday, but I am doing several performance 
reviews and have Richard Sage here from London to go over several things.  

The next week, I am at a Communications training session on Monday, September 
18 and then will be in a V@R class on Thursday and Friday, September 21 and 
22.  Let's try for Tuesday or Wednesday that week, the 19th or 20th.  I have 
Patti checking on some travel details for me.  I have to make a presentation 
for recruiting in Austin on Wednesday late afternoon or evening.  Let me know 
what works for you.  --Sally 




David Mally
09/06/2000 08:24 PM
To: Sally Beck/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc:  
Subject: Business Opportunities

Since our meeting a few weeks ago I have had time to reflect on our 
discussions on the explosive growth within the ENA business sectors.   I am 
in the process of narrowing down my options and plan to make a decision 
within the next few weeks.  In reviewing my skill sets and how they align to 
ENA,s businesses, I feel I could contribute to your teams growth and 
success.  

I met with Jeff McMahon and Louise Kitchen and it appears that their 
businesses are experiencing new or continued growth which will require senior 
operational management support and guidance.  I would like to meet with you 
and discuss these businesses from your perspective, as well as any other 
business sector you feel my skills would align.

Please let me know your availability during the week of September 11th to 
discuss the points noted above.

Regards,
David
