I also think this is a great idea - there would be a tremendous benefit if 
the EEI contract became the standard for on-line trading platforms.  While 
Enron currently uses simplified GTCs for trading online with those 
counterparties with whom we do not have a Master Power Trading Contract (if 
we do that agreement governs power trades), we have talked about and likely 
will eventually make the EEI contract the "default" contract if there are no 
other arrangements in place.  I would fully support and provide any 
assistance to pursue this idea with and through EEI.



	drusso@reliantenergy.com
	10/30/2000 06:07 PM
		 
		 To: "Pooya, Babak" <Babak.Pooya@SouthernEnergy.Com>
		 cc: "'Andy Katz'" <AKatz@eei.org>, fmdutton@aep.com, hemu@dynegy.com, 
elizabeth.sager@enron.com, bbrou91@entergy.com, mroger3@entergy.com, 
wfhenze@jonesday.com, dperlman@powersrc.com, rosteen@powersrc.com, 
drusso@reliantenergy.com, pdondanville@schiffhardin.com, "Pooya, Babak" 
<Babak.Pooya@SouthernEnergy.Com>, "Edmonds, Sonnet" 
<sonnet.edmonds@SouthernEnergy.Com>
		 Subject: RE: Oct 13 Meeting Follow-Up



GREAT IDEA!!!
Let me know how RES can support such an effort.




"Pooya, Babak" <Babak.Pooya@SouthernEnergy.Com> on 10/27/2000 03:04:52 PM

To:   "'Andy Katz'" <AKatz@eei.org>, fmdutton@aep.com, hemu@dynegy.com,
      elizabeth.sager@enron.com, bbrou91@entergy.com, mroger3@entergy.com,
      wfhenze@jonesday.com, dperlman@powersrc.com, rosteen@powersrc.com,
      drusso@reliantenergy.com, pdondanville@schiffhardin.com, "Pooya,
      Babak" <Babak.Pooya@SouthernEnergy.Com>
cc:   "Edmonds, Sonnet" <sonnet.edmonds@SouthernEnergy.Com>

Subject:  RE: Oct 13 Meeting Follow-Up


Andy,

I could provide language by the end of next week, if needed by then.

Separately, I understand that we intend to emphasize marketing efforts
towards all potential EEI users, but utilities in particular due to that
group's lower acceptance rate to date.  Another "group" to which I believe
that we should emphasize our marketing efforts includes the online trading
platforms.

Three types of online trading platforms presently exist: (1)proprietary
exchanges (EnronOnline, Dynegydirect); (2) consortium platforms (ICEX); and
(3) independent, third-party platform (Altra) [these platforms are similar
to (2)but differ in that the shareholders/backers have not committed
liquidity].  The volumes traded on these types of electric platforms are
significant and growing.  According to MegawattDaily, Ameren Energy
conducts
about 40% of next-day deals and 30% of forwards on various electronic
platforms.  There are presently close to 25 platforms (of course, with so
many competitors, as usually happens, there will probably be a weeding out
and/or consolidations/mergers...the Jurassic period notwithstanding, as
blame for the mass dinosaur extinction lay with an errant meteor or
possibly
the taking up of cigarette smoking by the majority of the dinosaurs
according to Larsen...all apologies for the joke).

As each platform system has different definitions, products, and contracts,
and as several of the platforms are considering adopting standard
contracts,
I believe an opportunity exists to push the EEI as either the exclusive
standard agreement used for trading on a particular platform or as a
default
agreement for those proprietary and other platforms under which trading
partners lack executed Masters with the counterparty.  In fact, according
to
published sources, Houston Street, RedMeteor, and others have been working
with others for several months on developing industry standards.

Just a thought.

Babak
