After our IOS adventure last week, I put together the following questions 
that need to be resolved.  Some of them have needed to be resolved for quite 
some time.  Tony, let's talk since I think some of these have already been 
discussed and maybe resolved in the context of developing TW's EnronOnline 
site, and I just need to get up to speed.  To the extent there aren't answers 
yet, I'll get busy researching.  Drew -- comments?  Shall we all get on the 
phone & discuss this?

List of TW contracting issues

1.  Reevaluate the following in the context of current FERC negotiated rate 
policy:

 a.  Transwestern's current form discount letter states:  "[t]he total charge 
shall include all applicable surcharges."   Should this language be revised, 
and if so, how?

 b.  Transwestern usually charges one-part rates, and includes language in 
its discount letter stating that Transwestern shall allocate the combined 
rate between the reservation and commodity components inclusive of 
surcharges.  Are one-part rates really negotiated rates?  material deviations 
from the tariff? 

 c.  Transwestern's discount letter includes a statement that in no event 
shall the contract rate be greater than the maximum or lower than the minimum 
rates provided in Transwestern,s tariff.  This was intended as assurance that 
the contract is not a negotiated rate.  Is this language still effective?  
necessary?

2.  IOS/EnronOnline:

 a.  When should IOS be conducted, if at all?

 b.  Once notice of IOS or EnronOnline bidding has been posted, can the 
subject capacity still be sold off-line (i.e., pursuant to traditional 
bidding procedures)?

 c.  Is our system for IOS and EnronOnline set up to handle max rate bidding 
situations in a nondiscriminatory manner and in compliance with the bid 
evaluation procedures in the tariff?  If not, what changes need to be made?
