huh?




Becky Spencer
01/22/2001 10:47 AM
To: Alan Aronowitz/HOU/ECT@ECT, Michelle Bruce/HOU/ECT@ECT, David J 
Botchlett/HOU/ECT@ECT, Harry M Collins/HOU/ECT@ECT, Nancy 
Corbet/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Scott Earnest/HOU/ECT@ECT, Sue 
Foust/HOU/ECT@ECT, Michael J Gasper/HOU/ECT@ECT, John H Harrison/HOU/ECT@ECT, 
Mike McConnell/HOU/ECT@ECT, David Marshall/HOU/ECT@ECT, Janice R 
Moore/HOU/ECT@ECT, Marcus Nettelton/NA/Enron@ENRON, Bill 
Osborne/OTS/Enron@Enron, Michael Philips/HOU/ECT@ECT, Brent A 
Price/HOU/ECT@ECT, Michael A Robison/HOU/ECT@ECT, Daniel R 
Rogers/ENRON_DEVELOPMENT@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT, Richard B Sanders/HOU/ECT@ECT, 
Jeffrey A Shankman/HOU/ECT@ECT, John Viverito/Corp/Enron@Enron, Jennifer 
Walker/NA/Enron@Enron
cc: Gracie S Presas/HOU/ECT@ECT, Nony Flores/HOU/ECT@ECT 
Subject: CPE Credit-Oil Spill Training

Employees who attended the ENA sponsored class below and need CPE credit to 
be added to your transcripts will need to forward their social security 
numbers to Gracie Presas.

====================================
Please reserve Thursday, October 19, 2000 from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. to 
participate in our third annual oil spill training program.  Some of you were 
part of the task force that helped to design the Oil Spill Crisis Management 
Plan, and it is well recognized that periodic training is an essential part 
of implementing the Plan.  The training program (8:30 a.m. - noon) and a 
brief tabletop exercise (1:00 p.m.- 3:00 p.m.) are being designed by ENA 
Legal and Enron Global Markets Commercial Support (Scott Earnest and Kevin 
Sweeney), and our oil spill consultant, Robert J. Meyers and Associates, Inc. 
Typically, these types of programs run for 3 or 4 days, but we have condensed 
the curriculum so that we can get sufficiently trained in 3/4's of a day.  We 
believe that this intensive training effort will give us all a chance to 
learn more about the Plan and the role that each of us are assigned.  The 
company,s success in dealing with a future spill crisis will depend on how 
well we are prepared to perform in such circumstances.

The training is scheduled to occur in Houston in the Enron Building in Room 
49C1.  If any other person in your group should be included in this program, 
please let Nony Flores know at ext. 37541 and we will add them to the list.  
A full copy of the Plan will be distributed during training.  

Thanks again for your participation in this very important effort.

Regards,

Alan Aronowitz
Harry Collins
Kevin Sweeney
Scott Earnest
