Ok. 

Christi --

Please ask each regional RTO heads (all that are being discussed + Mediation) to develop one page memo.  May want a map with current config and a map with FERC model.  Let's plan on doing for September 11 or September 12.  I'll ask Linda Noske to work with Duran's assistant to coordinate.

Also, let's give info on current Interconnection issues.

Finally, Christi, maybe you could develop 5 key regulatory issues.

Jim
