John, I look forward to you being there, hopefully,  for both days.  Your 
presence and participation shows the field teams the environmental commitment 
from Houston. 

Concerning the agenda, the first day is devoted to presentations.  The second 
moring will be devoted to a  "surprise" participation at a local compressor 
station about 45 miles west of Albuquerque.  I havent spread this around yet, 
except to Rich Jolly and got his OK, but  I plan on dividing the guys into 
groups of 2 and having them conduct an investigation/audit of the compressor 
station.  I plan on setting and hiding  some placebo environmental issues the 
night before at the station to see if they can discover them and other 
housekeeping issues the next morning during the audit.  We will then convine 
back at the hotel in the afternoon to discuss what they found and how they 
would address the issues identified.  The group that identifies the most 
issues, will get a small gift.  Do I need your approval on the spending of 
some $$$ for a gift?  I was thinking of a couple of $25 gift certificates for 
the two winners at a big sporting goods store and let them choose what they 
want.  The final afternoon session will be devoted to mock environmental 
situations under varying circumstances, like we did last year with the whole 
group being divided into four individuals and participating as teams. 
thoughts comments......


From: John Shafer/ENRON@enronXgate on 09/07/2001 04:34 PM CDT
To: Larry Campbell/ET&S/Enron@ENRON
cc:  

Subject: RE: Albuquerque Environmental Roundtable, Oct. 16-17

I plan on coming for at least a day.  John Shafer
