You did an absolutely fabulous job on Sunday.  It was a great time, the food 
was extraordinary, and the wine was better still.  Thanks so much for it 
all.  You're very sweet.

Almost makes any more engagements superfluous, don't you think.  (kidding!)

Don't forget to water the tomatoes!

Best,
Jeff



	Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com>
	05/15/2001 11:27 AM
		 
		 To: Nancy Sellers <Nancy.Sellers@RobertMondavi.com>, "'Lynne Robertson'" 
<Lynner@mcn.org>, "'Laura Whiting'" <whiting@sonic.net>, "'John Whiting'" 
<johnw@fsgllc.com>, "'Lisanne and Ken Jensen'" 
<ljensen@westcoastweathervanes.com>, "'Celise'" 
<celise_clevenger@hotmail.com>, "'Eldon Sellers'" <Eldon@direcpc.com>, 
"'Cristina Greenway Shea'" <cgreenway@brobeck.com>, "'Chris Shea'" 
<cshea@marin.org>, "'Carter'" <carterhachman@worldnet.att.net>, "'Cameron'" 
<cameron@perfect.com>, "'Jeff Dasovich'" <Jeff_Dasovich@enron.com>, 
"'Prentice @ Berkeley'" <PSellers@haas.berkeley.edu>, "'Prentice Sellers'" 
<PSellers@pacbell.net>, "'Scott Laughlin'" <scottwl@hotmail.com>, "'Colleen 
Silva'" <Csilva@jeiusa.com>
		 cc: 
		 Subject: RE: Memorial Day Update

2 more celebratory items I forgot - well actually, I forgot one and did not
know about the other...

#1 - Jeff Dasovitch, Scott Laughlin, Cameron Sellers, Nancy Sellers, and
Prentice Sellers - are all SMOKE FREE!!     Now that is something to
celebrate!!

and - - -#2 - drum roll  drum roll  drum roll  DRUM ROLL   DRUM ROLL   

On Saturday, May 12, Mr. Scott Warner Laughlin asked Ms. Cameron Smith
Sellers to marry him.  And she
said............................................YES!!!!!   Isn't that just
the most wonderful news!!!!!!!  We are all so happy and excited!


OK - now for a wine tasting update.  Every "unit" should bring 2 bottles of
each wine (1 won't make it with this large a crowd).  It does not have to be
from your designated local area ( LizAnne was making noises about the
Sonoma/Napa/Santa Cruz disparity) - it can just be something you think is
yummy.

Saturday night let's make it Pinot Noir and Sunday Chardonnay, since no one
had any burning favorites!

Chris and Cristina have a family reunion that they have to attend  - but
they promise that the THREE of them will be with us next year!  We will
really miss you guys!

Anything else?


>
