Dave, I've had a technical conference come up at FERC on the 20th in a matter 
that I'm responsible for.  Bill strongly suggested that I go to DC.  Now, I 
may not be a rocket scientist, but I see pretty clearly the wisdom of 
following Bill's advice.  I've let Mike Moran know and at Bill's suggestion, 
asked him if he'd like a substitute to stand in for me (maybe Lou Soldano?).  
Judging from the list of participants in this PRC, I assume I was partly an 
ET&S representative and partly a GPG law representative.   I note that ET&S 
is already pretty well represented with Neubauer,  Julia and Mike Nelson.  
Without me, there is noone from law, but our people have already been PRC'd 
anyway.  I'll leave it to you and Mike to decide if my spot needs to be 
filled with someone from GPG law.  Sorry about this--just one more bit of 
evidence that I "have issues."  DF


   
	
	
	From:  Dave Schafer                           07/06/2000 05:12 PM
	

Sent by: Lisa Costello
To: Shelley Corman/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Rick Craig/OTS/Enron@ENRON, Drew 
Fossum/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Robert Hayes/FGT/Enron@ENRON, Robert 
Hill/NPNG/Enron@ENRON, Michel Nelson/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Dave 
Neubauer/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, James Saunders/FGT/Enron@ENRON, Julia 
White/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Steve Hotte/Corp/Enron@ENRON, James 
Prentice/GPGFIN/Enron@ENRON
cc: Stanley Horton/Corp/Enron@Enron, Bill Cordes/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Larry 
DeRoin/NPNG/Enron@ENRON, Rockford Meyer/FGT/Enron@ENRON, John 
Goodpasture/OTS/Enron@ENRON, Michael Moran/ET&S/Enron@ENRON, Rod 
Hayslett/FGT/Enron@ENRON, Phil Lowry/OTS/Enron@ENRON, Sheila 
Knudsen/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Wilson Barbee/HR/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Roger 
Sumlin/HR/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Mary Ellen Coombe/Houston/Eott@Eott, Jennifer 
Milligan/HOU/ECT@ECT, Ann Vaughn/HR/Corp/Enron@ENRON 

Subject: Mid-Year PRC Process for Managers

Ladies and Gentlemen:

As you know, GPG,s Manager Performance Review Committee (PRC), of which you 
are members, is scheduled to meet Thursday afternoon, July 20, in EB49C2 from 
1:30 to approximately 5:30 PM. You,ll note that our membership has expanded 
to include Jim Prentice and Steve Hotte, who will represent managers in Enron 
Clean Fuels and IT, respectively.

By July 20, each manager should have a pre-rating in the Performance 
Evaluation Program (PEP) system.  Our task as a committee will be to 
determine a final mid-year rating for each manager and achieve appropriate 
distribution of performance levels across GPG.  The PRC,s results will be 
reviewed at the GPG Management Committee,s PRC the following day.

The attachment below lists the employees we are reviewing and identifies 
which of them you are expected to represent.  Please be prepared to discuss 
their performance, including both their strengths and areas that need 
improvement. 

You,ll note that not all of you have specific managers assigned.  That,s okay 
your insights regarding the performance of managers with whom you have 
interacted during the year will be valuable to the process.  Furthermore, PRC 
members who have a large group of mangers for whom you are responsible should 
feel free to ask another committee member with fewer or no managers for help 
in gathering the necessary performance feedback.

Finally, for your information Mary Ellen Coombe of EOTT Energy will be 
joining us on the 20th as an observer.  EOTT expects to implement its own 
version of the PRC process shortly.

Please let me know if you need additional information.
